Update README.md (#3)
UBC-MDS/instaeda_py: README.md

![](https://github.com/jufu/instaeda/workflows/build/badge.svg) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/jufu/instaeda/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/jufu/instaeda) ![Release](https://github.com/jufu/instaeda/workflows/Release/badge.svg) [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/instaeda/badge/?version=latest)](https://instaeda.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)

Quick and easy way to clean data and build exploratory data analysis plots.

This idea came up as we have been building data projects for quite some time now in the UBC MDS program. We noticed that there are some repetitive activities that occur when we first explore the data. This project will help you take a given raw data set an conduct some data cleansing and plotting with a minimal amount of code.

The main components of this package are:

- **Data Cleansing**

>   - Missing Value handling: For missing value handling, the function will first distinguish which type of missing, (either blank or NA, na n/a, etc) then handle the missing values with several choices by users such as std, mean, max, min, etc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Missing Value handling: For missing value handling, the function will first distinguish the type, (blank, NaN, or string such as 'NA', 'na', 'n/a', etc.) then handle the missing values in one of several ways, chosen by the user including std, mean, max, min, etc.
```

  - Custom Imputation using a techniques such as leveraging quantiles and randomization

- **Exploratory Visualization**

>   - Numerical Correlation Plot function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Numerical Correlation Plot: takes in a data frame, selects the numerical columns and outputs a correlation plot object. User can optionally pass in subset of columns to define which columns to compare.
```

>   - Distributional Auto Plot by datatype: Pass in data frame of all data, and based on parameters, will return histogram / bar charts / other charts depending on datatype

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Distributional Auto Plot by datatype: Pass in data frame of all data, and based on parameters, will return histograms, bar charts, or other charts depending on what is appropriate for the given datatype.
```

> There are a myriad of packages that provide simliar functionality in the Python ecosystem. A few of the more popular packages include:

Reviewer 2: typo `similar`
